[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>The more you
begin to investigate
what we think we understand,
where we came from,
what we think we're
doing, the more
you begin to see
we've been lied to.
We've been lied to
by every institution.
What makes you
think for one minute
that the religious institution
is the only one that's
never been touched?
The religious
institutions of this world
are at the bottom of the dirt.
The religious
institutions in this world
are put there by the
same people who gave you
your government, your
corrupt education, who
set up your international
banking cartels.
We have been misled away from
the true and divine presence
in the universe that
men have called God.
I don't know what God is.
But I know what he isn't.
And unless and until
you are prepared to look
at the whole truth,
wherever it may go,
whoever it may lead to-- the
more you educate yourself,
the more you understand
where things come from,
the more obvious things become.
And you begin to
see lies everywhere.
You have to know the
truth and seek the truth.
And the truth will set you free.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>Because I got to tell
you the truth, folks.
I got to tell you the truth.
When it comes to bullshit,
big-time, major league
bullshit, you have
to stand in awe
of the all-time champion
of false promises
and exaggerated
claims-- religion.
Think about it.
Religion has actually
convinced people
that there's an
invisible man living
in the sky who
watches everything you
do every minute of every day.
And the invisible man
has a special list
of 10 things he does
not want you to do.
And if you do any
of these 10 things,
he has a special place
full of fire and smoke
and burning and
torturing and anguish,
where he will send you to
live and suffer and burn
and choke and scream
and cry forever
and ever, till the end of time.
But he loves you.
[CHEERS AND APPLAUSE]
He loves you.
And he needs money!
He always needs money.
He's all powerful, all
perfect, all knowing, all wise.
Somehow, [CLICK] just
can't handle money.
Religion takes in
billions of dollars.
They pay no taxes.
And they always
need a little more.
Now, you talk about a
good bullshit story.
Holy shit.
[CHEERS AND APPLAUSE]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
[EXPLOSION]
>>This is the sun.
As far back as
10,000 BC, history
is abundant with
carvings and writings
reflecting people's respect
and adoration for this object.
And it is simple to understand
why, as every morning the sun
would rise, bringing vision,
warmth, and security;
saving man from the cold,
blind, predator-filled darkness
of night.
Without it, the
cultures understood,
the crops would not grow.
And life on the planet
would not survive.
These realities made the sun the
most adored object of all time.
Likewise, they were also
very aware of the stars.
The tracking of
the stars allowed
them to recognize
and anticipate events
which occurred over long periods
of time, such as eclipses
and full moons.
They, in turn, catalogued
celestial groups
into what we know today
as constellations.
This is the cross
of the zodiac, one
of the oldest conceptual
images in human history.
It reflects the sun,
as it figuratively
passes through the 12
major constellations
over the course of a year.
It also reflects the 12 months
of the year, the four seasons,
and the solstices and equinoxes.
The term "zodiac"
relates to the fact
that constellations
were anthropomorphized
or personified as
figures or animals.
In other words, the
early civilizations
did not just follow
the sun and stars.
They personified them
with elaborate myths
involving their movements
and relationships.
The sun, with its life-giving
and saving qualities,
was personified as
a representative
of the unseen creator
or god, God's sun,
the light of the world,
the savior of humankind.
Likewise, the 12 constellations
represented places of travel
for God's sun and were
identified by names,
usually representing elements
of nature that happened
during that period of time.
For example, Aquarius,
the water bearer
who brings the spring rains.
This is Horus.
He is the sun god of
Egypt of around 3000 BC.
He is the son anthropomorphized.
And his life is a series of
allegorical myths involving
the sun's movement in the sky.
From the ancient
hieroglyphics in Egypt,
we know much about
this solar messiah.
For instance, Horace,
being the sun or the light,
had an enemy known as Set.
And Set was the personification
of the darkness or night.
And metaphorically speaking,
every morning, Horace
would win the battle against
Set while, in the evening,
Set would conquer Horace and
send him into the underworld.
It is important
to note that dark
versus light or
good versus evil is
one of the most ubiquitous
mythological dualities ever
known and is still expressed
on many levels to this day.
Broadly speaking, the story
of Horus is as follows.
Horus was born on December
25 of the Virgin Isis-Mary.
His birth was accompanied
by a star in the east.
And upon his birth, he
was adored by three kings.
At the age of 12, he was
a prodigal child teacher.
At the age of 30,
he was baptized
by a figure known as Anup
and, thus, began his ministry.
Horace had 12 disciples he
traveled about with performing
miracles, such as healing the
sick and walking on water.
Horace was known
by many gestural
names, such as "The Truth," "The
Light," "God's Anointed Son,"
"The Good Shepherd," "The
Lamb of God," and many others.
After being betrayed
by Typhon, Horus
was crucified, buried for three
days, and thus resurrected.
These attributes of Horus,
whether original or not,
seem to permeate many
cultures of the world,
for many other gods
are found to have
the same general
mythological structure.
Attis of Phrygia, born of the
Virgin Nana on December 25,
crucified, placed in a
tomb and, after three days,
was resurrected.
Krishna of India, born
of the Virgin Devaki,
with a star in the east
signaling his coming.
He performed miracles with his
disciples and, upon his death,
was resurrected.
Dionysus of Greece, born
of a virgin on December 25,
was a traveling
teacher who performed
miracles, such as
turning water into wine.
He was referred to as
the "King of Kings,"
"God's only Begotten Son,"
the "Alpha and Omega,"
and many others.
And upon his death,
he was resurrected.
Mithra of Persia, born of
a virgin on December 25.
He had 12 disciples
and performed miracles.
And upon his death, was
buried for three days
and thus resurrected.
He was also referred to as
"The Truth," "The Light,"
and many others.
Interestingly, the sacred day
of worship of Mithra was Sunday.
The fact of the matter is,
there are numerous saviors
from different periods from
all over the world which
subscribe to these
general characteristics.
The question remains,
why these attributes?
Why the virgin birth
on December 25?
Why dead for three days and
the inevitable resurrection?
Why 12 disciples or followers?
To find out, let's
examine the most recent
of the solar messiahs.
Jesus Christ was born of the
Virgin Mary on December 25
in Bethlehem.
His birth was announced by
a star in the east, which
three kings or magi
follow to locate and adore
the new savior.
He was a child teacher at 12.
And at the age of 30, he was
baptized by John the Baptist.
And thus, began his ministry.
Jesus had 12 disciples which he
traveled about with performing
miracles, such as healing
the sick, walking on water,
raising the dead.
He is also known as the "King
of Kings," the "Son of God,"
the "Light of the World," the
"Alpha and Omega," the "Lamb
of God," and many, many others.
After being betrayed
by his disciple Judas
and sold for 30
pieces of silver,
he was crucified, placed in
a tomb and, after three days,
was resurrected and
ascended into heaven.
First of all, the birth sequence
is completely astrological.
The star in the east is Sirius,
the brightest star in the night
sky which, on December 24,
aligns with the three brightest
stars in Orion's belt. These
three bright stars in Orion's
belt are called
today what they were
called in ancient
times, the Three Kings.
And the Three Kings
and the brightest star,
Sirius, all point to the place
of the sunrise on December 25.
This is why the Three Kings
follow the star in the east,
in order to locate the
sunrise, the birth of the sun.
The Virgin Mary is the
constellation Virgo, also known
as Virgo the Virgin.
Virgo, in Latin, means "virgin."
Virgo was also referred
to as the House of Bread.
And the representation
of Virgo is a virgin
holding a sheaf of wheat.
This house of bread
and its symbol of wheat
represents August and
September, the time of harvest.
In turn, Bethlehem,
in fact, literally
translates to "House of Bread."
Bethlehem is thus a reference
to the constellation Virgo,
a place in the
sky, not on Earth.
There is another very
interesting phenomenon
that occurs around December
25 or the winter solstice.
From the summer solstice
to the winter solstice,
the days become
shorter and colder.
And from the perspective
of the northern hemisphere,
the sun appears to
move south and get
smaller and more scarce.
The shortening of the days and
the expiration of the crops
when approaching
the winter solstice
symbolized the process
of death to the ancients.
It was the death of the sun.
And by December 22, the sun's
demise was fully realized.
For the sun, having moved south
continually for six months,
makes it to its lowest
point in the sky.
Here, a curious thing occurs.
The sun stops moving south,
at least perceivably,
for three days.
And during this
three-day pause, the sun
resides in the vicinity
of the Southern Cross,
or Crux constellation.
And after this time,
on December 25,
the sun moves one
degree, this time north,
foreshadowing longer days
of warmth and spring.
And thus it was said,
the sun died on a cross,
was dead for three days, only
to be resurrected or born again.
This is why Jesus and
numerous other sun
gods share the crucifixion,
three-day death,
and Resurrection concept.
It is the sun's
transition period,
before it shifts
its direction back
into the northern
hemisphere, bringing
spring and thus salvation.
However, they did not celebrate
the resurrection of the sun
until the spring
equinox, or Easter.
This is because at
the spring equinox,
the sun officially overpowers
the evil darkness as daytime
thereafter becomes longer
in duration than the night
and the revitalizing
conditions of spring emerge.
Now, probably the
most obvious of all
the astrological
symbolism around Jesus
regards the 12 disciples.
They are simply the
12 constellations
of the zodiac which Jesus, being
the sun, travels about with.
In fact, the number 12 is
replete throughout the Bible.
Coming back to the cross of
the zodiac, the figurative life
of the sun-- this was not just
an artistic expression or tool
to track the sun's movement.
It was also a pagan spiritual
symbol, the short end
of which looked like this.
This is not a symbol
of Christianity.
It is a pagan adaptation
of the cross of the zodiac.
This is why Jesus,
in early occult art,
is always shown with
his head on the cross,
for Jesus is the sun, the Son
of God, the Light of the World,
the Risen Savior
who will come again,
as it does every morning;
the glory of God who
defends against the
works of darkness,
as he is born
again every morning
and can be seen coming in
the clouds up in heaven,
with his crown of
thorns or sun-rays.
Now, of the many astrological
astronomical metaphors
in the Bible, one of
the most important
has to do with the ages.
Throughout the scriptures,
there are numerous references
to the "age."
In order to understand
this, we need
to be familiar with
the phenomenon known
as the procession
of the equinoxes.
The ancient Egyptians, along
with cultures long before them,
recognized that approximately
every 2,150 years, the sunrise
on the morning of
the spring equinox
would occur in a different
sign of the zodiac.
This has to do with
a slow angular wobble
that the earth maintains
as it rotates on its axis.
It is called a procession
because the constellations
go backwards rather than
through the normal yearly cycle.
The amount of time it
takes for the procession
to go through all 12 signs
is roughly 25,765 years.
This is also called
the Great Year.
And ancient societies
were very aware of this.
And they referred to each
2,150-year period as an "age."
From 4300 BC to 2150 BC, it was
the Age of Taurus, the Bull.
From 2150 BC to 1 AD, it was
the Age of Aries, the Ram.
And from 1 AD to 2150
AD, it is the Age
of Pisces, the age we
are still in to this day.
And in and around 2150,
we will enter the new age,
the Age of Aquarius.
Now, the Bible reflects,
broadly speaking,
a symbolic movement
through three ages,
while foreshadowing a fourth.
In the Old Testament,
when Moses comes down
Mount Sinai with
the 10 Commandments,
he's very upset
to see his people
worshipping a golden bull calf.
In fact, he shattered
the stone tablets
and instructed his people
to kill each other, in order
to purify themselves.
Most biblical scholars
will attribute this anger
to the fact that the Israelites
were worshipping a false idol
or something to that effect.
The reality is, the golden
bull is Taurus the Bull.
And Moses represents the
new age of Aries the Ram.
This is why Jews, even today,
still blow the ram's horn.
Moses represents the
new Age of Aries.
And upon the new age, everyone
must shed the old age.
Other deities mark these
transitions as well,
such as Mithra, a
pre-Christian god who kills
the bull in the same symbology.
Now, Jesus is the
figure who ushers
in the age following Aries, the
Age of Pisces or the two fish.
Fish symbolism is very
abundant in the New Testament.
Jesus feeds 5,000 people
with bread and two fish.
When he begins his ministry
walking along Galilee,
he befriends friends two
fishermen who follow him.
And I think we have
all seen the Jesus fish
on the back of people's cars.
Little do they know
what it actually means.
It is a pagan astrological
symbolism for the sun's kingdom
during the Age of Pisces.
Also, Jesus' assumed
birth date is essentially
the start of this age.
At Luke 22:10, when Jesus
is asked by his disciples
where the last
Passover would be,
Jesus replies, "Behold, when
ye are entered into the city,
there shall a man meet you
bearing a pitcher of water.
Follow him into the house
where he entereth in."
This scripture is, by far,
one of the most revealing
of all the astrological
references.
The man bearing the
pitcher of water
is Aquarius, the Water Bearer,
who is always pictured as a man
pouring out a pitcher of water.
He represents the
age after Pisces.
And when the sun--
God's son-- leaves
the Age of Pisces--
Jesus-- it will
go into the House of
Aquarius, as Aquarius
follows Pisces in the
procession of the equinoxes.
All Jesus is saying is that,
after the Age of Pisces,
will come the Age of Aquarius.
Now, we have all
heard about the end
times and the end of the world.
The cartoonish depictions
in the Book of Revelation
aside, a main source of this
idea comes from Matthew 28:20,
where Jesus says, I
will be with you even
to the end of the world.
However, in the
King James version,
"world" is a mistranslation,
among many mistranslations.
The actual word being used
is "aeon," which means "age."
I will be with you, even to the
end of the age, which is true,
as Jesus' solar Piscean
personification will
end when the sun enters
the Age of Aquarius.
The entire concept of end
times and the end of the world
is a misinterpreted
astrological allegory.
Let's tell that to the
approximately 100 million
people in America who believe
the end of the world is coming.
Furthermore, the
character of Jesus
being a literary and
astrological hybrid
is most explicitly
a plagiarization
of the Egyptian sun god Horus.
For example, inscribed
about 3500 years ago
on the walls of the
Temple of Luxor in Egypt
are images of the annunciation,
the miracle conception,
the birth, and the
adoration of Horus.
The images begin with Thoth
announcing to the Virgin Isis
that she will conceive Horus;
then Neth, the Holy Ghost,
impregnating the Virgin;
and then, the virgin birth
and the adoration.
This is exactly the story of
Jesus' miracle conception.
In fact, the
literary similarities
between the Egyptian religion
and the Christian religion
are staggering.
And the plagiarism
is continuous.
The story of Noah and
Noah's ark is taken directly
from tradition.
The concept of
the great flood is
ubiquitous throughout the
ancient world, with over 200
cited claims in different
periods and times.
However, one need
look no further
for a pre-Christian source
than the Epic of Gilgamesh,
written in 2600 BC.
This story talks
of a great flood
commanded by God, an ark
with saved animals upon it,
and even the release and
return of a dove, all
held in common with
the biblical story,
among many other similarities.
And then, there is the
plagiarized story of Moses.
Upon Moses' birth,
it is said that he
was placed in a reed basket
and set adrift in a river
in order to avoid infanticide.
He was later rescued by
a daughter of royalty
and raised by her as a prince.
This baby-in-a-basket story was
lifted directly from the myth
of Sargon of Akkad
of around 2250 BC.
Sargon was born, placed
in a reed basket in order
to avoid infanticide, and
set adrift in a river.
He was, in turn,
rescued and raised
by Akki, a royal midwife.
Furthermore, Moses is
known as the law-giver,
the giver of the 10
Commandments, the Mosaic law.
However, the idea of a law being
passed from God to a prophet
upon a mountain is
also a very old motif.
Moses is just another law-giver
in a long line of law-givers
in mythological history.
In India, Manou was
the great lawgiver.
In Crete, Minos ascended
Mount Dicta, where
Zeus gave him the sacred laws.
While in Egypt, there was Mises,
who carried stone tablets.
And upon them, the laws
of God were written.
Manou, Minos, Mises, Moses.
And as far as the
10 Commandments,
they are taken
outright from Spell 125
in "The Egyptian
Book of the Dead."
What "The Book of the Dead"
phrased, "I have not stolen,"
became "thou shall not
steal." "I have not killed"
kill." "I have not told lies"
became "thou shall not bear
false witness," and so forth.
In fact, the Egyptian
religion is likely
the primary
foundational basis for
the Judeo-Christian theology.
Baptism, after life, final
judgment, virgin birth, death
and resurrection,
crucifixion, the Ark
of the Covenant, circumcision,
saviors, holy communion,
great flood, Easter, Christmas,
Passover, and many, many more
are all attributes
of Egyptian ideas,
long predating
Christianity and Judaism.
Justin Martyr, one of the
first Christian historians
and defenders,
wrote, "When we say
that He, Jesus
Christ, our teacher,
was produced without
sexual union,
was crucified and died and rose
again and ascended into heaven,
we propound nothing
different from what
you believe regarding those who
you esteem sons of Jupiter."
In a different
writing, Justin Martyr
said, "He was born of a virgin.
Accept this in common with
what you believe of Perseus."
It's obvious that Justin
and other early Christians
knew how similar Christianity
was to the pagan religions.
However, Justin had a solution.
As far as he was concerned,
the devil did it.
The devil had the foresight
to come before Christ
and create his characteristics
in the pagan world.
>>Fundamentalist
Christianity-- fascinating.
These people actually believe
the world is 12,000-years-old.
[LAUGHTER]
Swear to god.
I actually asked one of these
guys, OK, dinosaur fossils.
He says, dinosaur fossils?
God put those here
to test our faith.
[LAUGHTER]
I think God put you here
to test my faith, dude.
>>The Bible is nothing more
than astro-theological literary
hybrid, just like nearly all
religious myths before it.
In fact, the aspect
of transference
of one character's
attributes to a new character
can be found within
the book itself.
In the Old Testament, there
is the story of Joseph.
Joseph it was a
prototype for Jesus.
Joseph was born of
a miracle birth.
Jesus was born of
Joseph was of 12 brothers.
Jesus had 12 disciples.
Joseph was sold for
20 pieces of silver.
Jesus was sold for
30 pieces of silver.
Brother Judah suggests
the sale of Joseph.
Disciple Judas suggests
the sale of Jesus.
Joseph began his work
at the age of 30.
Jesus began his work
The parallels go on and on.
Furthermore, is there any
non-biblical historical
evidence of any person
living with the named Jesus,
the son of Mary, who traveled
about with 12 followers healing
people and the like?
There are numerous
historians who
lived in and around
the Mediterranean
either during or soon after
the assumed life of Jesus.
How many of these historians
document this figure?
Not one.
However, to be
fair, that doesn't
mean defenders of
the historical Jesus
haven't claimed the contrary.
Four historians are
typically referenced
to justify Jesus' existence.
Pliny the Younger,
Suetonius, and Tacitus
are the first three.
Each one of their
entries consists
of only a few sentences
at best, and only
refer to Chrestus or the
Christ which, in fact, is not
a name but a title.
It means "the anointed one."
The fourth source is Josephus.
And this source has been proven
to be a forgery for hundreds
of years.
Sadly, it is still
cited as truth.
You would think that a guy who
rose from the dead and ascended
into heaven for all eyes
to see and performed
the wealth of miracles
acclaimed to him
would have made it into
the historical record.
It didn't because, once
the evidence is weighed,
there are very high odds that
the figure known as Jesus
did not even exist.
>>We don't want to be unkind.
But we want to be factual.
We don't want to
cause hurt feelings.
But we want to be academically
correct in what we understand
and know to be true.
Christianity just is
not based on truth.
We find that Christianity
was, in fact,
nothing more than a Roman
story developed politically.
>>The reality is, Jesus
was the solar deity
of the gnostic Christian sect.
And like all other pagan gods,
he was a mythical figure.
It was the political
establishment
that sought to
historize the Jesus
figure for social control.
In 325 AD in Rome,
Emperor Constantine
convened the Council of Nicaea.
It was during this meeting
that the politically-motivated
Christian doctrines
were established.
And thus began a long history
of religious bloodshed
and spiritual fraud.
And for over the
next 1,000 years,
the Vatican maintained
a political stranglehold
on all of Europe, leading
to such joyous periods
as the Dark Ages along
with "enlightening"
events such as the Crusades
and the Inquisition.
Christianity, along with all
other related theologies,
is an historical fraud.
These religions now serve
to detach the species
from the natural world
and, likewise, each other.
They support blind
submission to authority.
They reduce human
responsibility to the effect
that God controls everything.
And in turn, awful
crimes can be justified
in the name of a divine pursuit.
And most critically, it empowers
the political establishment
who have been using the myth
to manipulate and control
societies.
The religious myth is one
of the most powerful devices
ever created.
And it serves as the
psychological soil
upon which other
myths can flourish.
>>A myth is an idea that, while
widely believed, is false.
In a deeper sense, in
the religious sense,
a myth serves as an orienting
and mobilizing story
for a people.
The focus is not on the
story's relation to reality,
but on its function.
A story cannot function unless
it is believed to be true
in the community or the nation.
It is not a matter of debate.
If some people
have the bad taste
to raise the question of the
truth of the sacred story,
the keepers of the faith do not
enter into debate with them.
They ignore them or denounce
them as blasphemers,
>>It is wrong, blasphemous,
and sinful for you
to suggest, imply, or help other
people come to the conclusion
that the US government killed
3,000 of its own citizens.
[JET NOISE]
[EXPLOSIONS]
>>--as if a demolition
team set off--
when you see the old demolitions
of these old buildings.
>>It looks like one of those
scenes of an old building being
purposely dynamited
and blown up.
>>Anybody who's ever watched
a building being demolished
on purpose knows that, if
you're going to do this,
you have to get at the
under-infrastructure
of a building and bring it down.
>>The way the structure
is collapsing,
this was the result of
something that was planned.
It's not accidental that
the first tower just
happened to collapse and
then the second tower just
happened to collapse in
exactly the same way.
How they accomplished
this, we don't know.
>>The building
collapsed to dust.
You don't find a desk.
You don't find a chair.
You don't find a
telephone, a computer.
The biggest piece of a telephone
I found was half of the keypad.
And it was about this big.
>>What happened to the concrete?
>>The concrete was pulverized.
From river to river, there was
dust powder, 2, 3 inches thick.
The concrete was
just pulverized.
>>In addition to
those pictures we've
all seen too much on
television before,
when a building was
deliberately destroyed
by well-placed dynamite
to knock it down.
>>Just-- to detonate--
>>Yeah, detonate is-- yeah.
>>--planned to take
down a building.
Boom, boom, boom, boom, boom.
>>I heard a second explosion.
>>There was a
heavy-duty explosion.
>>Then, there was secondary
explosions and then
subsequent collapses.
>>An explosion blew.
And they did not
get everybody over.
>>To me, it sounded
like an explosion.
>>It sounded like gunfire--
bang, bang, bang, bang, bang.
And then, all of a sudden,
three big explosions.
>>And we heard a big
explosion coming down.
>>And then, the entire top
of the building just blew up.
>>We saw some kind of explosion.
>>--by the force
of the explosions.
>>Big explosion.
Blew us back into
the eighth floor.
>>Then, we get to the lobby.
There's this big explosion.
>>And the lobby looked as though
a bomb had exploded there.
>>A huge explosion.
Now raining debris.
>>There's been a huge explosion.
>>--huge explosion that
we all heard and felt.
>>We just witnessed some kind
of a follow-up explosion.
>>We heard a very loud
and blast, an explosion.
>>Involved in a secondary
explosion at Tower one here.
>>That is another
bomb going off.
He thinks that
there were actually
devices that were planted
in the building-- planted
in the building.
[STATIC]
>>Please go to the DF.
>>I don't think anybody could
have predicted that they would
try to use an airplane as a
missile, a hijacked airplane
as a missile.
>>Nobody in our
government at least.
And I don't think
the prior government
could envision flying
airplanes into buildings.
>>No specific threat
involving, really,
a domestic operation
or involving
what happened, obviously.
The cities, airline, aren't so--
>>There were no warning
signs that I'm aware of.
>>"USA Today" reports
that, in the two
years before the attacks
on September the 11th,
NORAD conducted exercises using
hijacked airliners as weapons.
And one target was the
World Trade Center.
>>In confidential documents
from the Philippines obtained
by CNN, the plan was clear.
He will board any American
commercial aircraft,
control its cockpit, and dive
it at the CIA headquarters.
Other buildings targeted-- the
Pentagon and the World Trade
Center.
>>The Federal Aviation
Administration
received 52 warnings about
al-Qaeda in the six months
before 9/11 and did not,
apparently, heed them.
>>The Pentagon
reportedly does not
want the public to hear
next week's Senate testimony
about the former
secret intelligence
unit known as Able Danger.
>>And it identified Mohammed
Atta and three other 9/11
terrorists as members
of an al-Qaeda cell
in Brooklyn, New York more
than a year before the attacks.
>>And we found two
of the three cells
which conducted
the 9/11 attacks.
>>Lieutenant Colonel
Tony Shaffer,
who was the first member of
Able Danger to go public,
has now been told in writing by
the Defense Intelligence Agency
that he can't speak to members
of Congress or their staff
without prior approval.
>>This is an attempt to
prevent the American people
from knowing the facts about how
we could have prevented 9/11.
And people are
covering it up today!
>>Security in counterterrorism
was blinking red,
in the words of George
Tenet, that the warnings
of an imminent attack were
so severe that something
dramatic should have been done.
It was unparalleled.
Instead, our president went
on a month-long vacation.
>>The head of Pakistani
intelligence at the ISI,
Mahmoud Ahmad,
requested Umar Sheikh
to wire $100,000 to
Mohammed Atta, who
was the lead hijacker.
>>Did hijacker Mohammed
Atta receive wire transfers
via Pakistan?
The man sending
the money to Atta
is believed to be Ahmad
Umar Saeed Sheikh.
>>Umar Sheikh admitted
he was supported
by the Pakistan government's
intelligence service, the ISI.
>>As hard as this is
to believe, that two
of the alleged
terrorists involved
in what happened on
Tuesday may have attended
schools run by the US military.
>>Evidence was also
apparently planted.
The passport of one of
the hijackers on Flight 11
was allegedly found
in the rubble.
>>The hijacker's
passport was found blocks
from the World Trade
Center crash site,
if you can believe that.
>>The 9/11 hijackers
are alive and well.
That's according to the Chief
of Japan's Democratic Party
who says, 9/11 is a hoax.
>>Several of these 19
men are still alive.
>>Of course, we're after Saddam
Hussein, I mean, Bin Laden.
He's-- he's--
>>In the early 1980s, Bin
Laden worked with operatives
from US intelligence,
the Pakistani military,
and Arab States.
>>January 2001, the Bush
administration orders the FBI
and intelligence agencies
to back off investigations
involving the Bin
Laden family, including
two of Osama Bin
Laden's relatives,
who were living-- guess where?
In Falls Church, Virginia,
right next to CIA headquarters.
>>When he was already
America's Most Wanted criminal,
he reportedly spent two weeks in
the American Hospital in Dubai,
was treated by an
American doctor,
and visited by the
local CIA agent.
>>We have not seen
one piece of evidence
that links Osama Bin Laden
directly to the planning
stages of September 11.
>>This failure to
provide proof was later
said to be unnecessary, because
Bin Laden, in a video allegedly
found in Afghanistan, admitted
responsibility for the attacks.
>>In 1976, Osama's older
brother, Salim Bin Laden,
hired a man in Texas
by the name of Jim Bath
to handle all the investments
in the United States
for the Bin Laden family.
Jim Bath also happens to be
a personal, almost lifelong
friend, and former
Air National Guard
pilot with George W. Bush.
The connections
between the Bushes
and the Bin Ladens
become much more clear
when George Herbert
Walker Bush made trips
to Saudi Arabia in 1998 and
2000 to meet with the Bin Laden
family on behalf of a company
called the Carlyle Group.
>>How could anyone fly a 60-ton,
125-foot-wide, 44-foot-tall
plane through this
obstacle course?
>>The aircraft, before
striking the Pentagon,
reportedly executed a 270
degree downward spiral.
And yet, Hani Hanjour was
known as a terrible pilot
who could not safely
fly even a small plane.
>>No seats, no
luggage, no bodies.
Nothing but bricks
and limestone.
>>The official explanation
is that the intense heat
from the jet fuel
vaporized the entire plane.
Flight 77 had two
Rolls Royce engines
made of steel and titanium
alloy and weigh six tons each.
It is scientifically
impossible that 12 tons
of steel and titanium was
vaporized by jet fuel.
>>We were also told
that the bodies were
able to be identified
either by their fingerprints
or by the DNA.
So what kind of fire can
vaporize aluminum and tempered
steel and yet leave
human bodies intact?
>>From my close up
inspection, there's
no evidence of a plane
having crashed anywhere
near the Pentagon.
And as I said, the only
pieces left that you can see
are small enough that you
could pick up in your hand.
>>Shortly after the
strike, government agents
picked up debris
and carried it off.
The entire lawn was covered
with dirt and gravel,
so that any remaining forensic
evidence was literally
covered up.
The videos from
security cameras,
which would show what
really hit the Pentagon,
were immediately confiscated
by agents of the FBI.
And the Department of
Justice has, to this day,
refused to release them.
If these videos would prove
that the Pentagon was really
hit by a 757, most of us
would assume the government
would release them.
>>It looks like there's
nothing there except for a hole
in the ground.
>>Basically, that's right.
The only thing you could
see from where we were,
was a big gouge in the
earth and some broken trees.
We could see some people
working, walking around
in the area.
But from where we could
see, there wasn't much left.
>>Any large pieces
of debris at all?
>>No, there was nothing, nothing
that you could distinguish
that a plane had crashed there.
>>The FBI and the
state police here
have confirmed that
they have cordoned off
a second area about
six to eight miles away
from the crater here.
This is apparently
another debris site.
Why would debris be
located six miles away?
Could it have blown
that far away?
It seems highly unlikely.
>>Pancake theory--
according to which,
the fires, while not
melting the steel,
heated it up
sufficiently to cause
the floors, weakened by
the airplane strikes,
to break loose from
the steel columns.
And this started
a chain reaction.
>>So you would expect then,
from that theory-- which
is the official theory-- to see
a whole stack of floors piled
up on top of each other and,
then, a spindle of core columns
standing too.
>>The core of each
of the Twin Towers
consisted of 47
massive steel columns.
If the floors had
broken loose from them,
these columns would have
still been sticking up
into the air 1,000 feet.
>>The plane did not cut
all those core columns.
>>We designed the
buildings to take
the impact of the
Boeing 707 hitting
the building at any location.
>>The building
probably could sustain
multiple impacts of jetliners.
>>That the plane flew
straight into the building--
>>Straight through him, right.
Yes.
>>So you're saying that
the building was actually
designed to cope
with a hole like that
and then still survive?
>>Right, yeah, it was.
It was.
>>If you had dropped, say,
a billiard ball from the top
of the World Trade Center,
110 floors up there,
it would have taken
8 to 10 seconds
to hit the ground, encountering
no resistance whatsoever.
>>The Twin Towers came down
at nearly free-fall speed.
200,000 tons of steel
shatters and explodes
outwards over 500 feet.
>>This means that floors
shattered at an average rate
of about 10 floors per second.
>>There is no scenario
for a pancake effect
of buildings falling
that allows them to fall
at the rate of free-fall.
>>Now, what can do that?
What can move mass
out of the way?
Explosives.
>>47 huge steel columns
going up the core,
they're interconnected.
How do you get them
to fail simultaneously
so the core disappeared?
It looks like those
core columns were cut.
>>The way we do this is by
cutting the beam at an angle.
>>I started looking
at the molten metal.
All three buildings, both
towers, in the rubble,
in the basement areas
and Building 7--
there's these pools
of molten metal.
>>You'd get down below and
you'd see molten steel--
molten steel!-- running
down the channel rails,
like you're in a foundry.
>>Yep.
>>Yeah, like lava.
>>Like it was lava--
>>Like lava.
>>--from a volcano.
>>The molten steel
was found three, four,
and five weeks later, when
the rubble was being removed.
He said that molten
steel was also
found underneath
World Trade Center 7.
So I'm looking through
the official reports.
What do they say about
the molten metal?
They say nothing.
Now, wait a minute.
This is important evidence.
So where'd that come from?
>>Thermite is so hot
that it will just
cut through steel, structural
steel for example, like a knife
through butter.
>>The products are molten
iron and aluminum oxide, which
goes off primarily as a dust.
You know those
enormous dust clouds?
You can imagine, when you
assemble these chemicals
on a large scale.
>>So Professor Niels
Harrit, you examined
the rubble that came from
the World Trade Center.
What did you find in it?
>>Well, in there,
we find remains
of what we characterize
as a thermitic material.
And this is a very
energetic material,
which can be used
either for melting iron
or it can be designed
as an explosive.
The evidence for controlled
demolition is overwhelming.
I've told you that the thermite
reaction produced molten iron.
Molten iron was in
pools of molten iron
under-- in the rubble.
And the point is that the
thermite kept on reacting.
This was a Bitches' Brew
of thermite chemistry.
>>Molten metal pools under both
towers after they collapsed
and Building 7.
Now, Building 7 wasn't
even hit by a jet.
>>Part of the problem is
that most people simply
don't know much
about Building 7,
due to the extraordinary secrecy
surrounding this collapse.
>>And this was a
47-story skyscraper.
This building fell at 5:25.
>>It was not hit by a plane.
This building had fires on
only two or three floors.
>>And it was brought
down by what we know
was a controlled demolition.
>>Demolitions-- they look
just like that, you know,
a kink in the middle.
And then, that building just
comes straight down, almost
at free-fall speed.
>>Our office was
on the B1 level.
As I was talking to a
supervisor, at 8:46--
and all the sudden,
we hear, boom!
--an explosion so hard
that it pushed us upwards.
And it came from the
basement, between the B2 level
and the B3 level.
And when I went to
verbalize, we hear, boom!
--the impact of the
plane on the top.
>>It would appear, Jim, as
that there's more smoke coming
from the ground.
>>I was down in the
basement, came down.
All of a sudden, the
elevator blew up.
>>And as we were coming
out, we passed the lobby.
There was no lobby.
So I believe that the
bomb hit the lobby first.
And a couple of seconds,
then, the first plane hit.
>>As I'm walking by the main
freight car of the building
in the corridor, that's--
that's when I got blown.
I mean, the impact
of the explosion
threw me to the floor.
And that's when everything
started happening.
All of a sudden, a big
impact happened again.
And all of the ceiling
tile was falling down.
The light fixtures were falling.
You know, you got to go clear
across the hole from One
to Two World Trade Center.
And then, all of a sudden,
it happened all over again.
Something else hit
us to the floor.
Right in the
basement, you felt it.
Walls were caving in.
Everything that was
going on-- I mean,
I know people that got
killed in the basement.
broken legs in the basement.
People got
reconstructive surgery,
because the walls
hit them in the face.
>>According to standard
operating procedure,
if an FAA flight
controller notices anything
that suggests a
possible hijacking,
the controller is to
contact a superior.
If the problem cannot be
fixed within about a minute,
the superior s to ask NORAD,
the North American Aerospace
Command, to send up or scramble
jet fighters to find out what
is going on.
NORAD then issues the scramble
order to the nearest Air Force
Base with fighters on alert.
And although
interceptions usually
occur within 10 or so
minutes, in this case,
80 or so minutes had
elapsed before fighters
were even airborne.
>>It's a mind-bending anomaly.
Not a single US Air
Force interceptor
turns a wheel until
it's too late.
There are no jets at all.
>>What if they were so confused
and had been so deliberately
confused that they
couldn't respond?
>>The reason that they
didn't know where to go
was because a number of
conflicting and overlapping war
game exercises
were taking place.
It involved the insertion
of false radar blips
on the radar screens in the
Northeast Air Defense sector.
>>...Center TMU.
We have a problem here.
We have a hijacked aircraft
headed towards New York.
We need someone to scramble
some F-16s or something up there
to help us out.
>>Is this-- is this
real-world or exercise?
Is this real-world or exercise?
>>There was another
exercise, Vigilant Warrior,
which was in fact,
according to a NORAD source,
a live-fly hijack drill being
conducted at the same time.
With only eight available
fighter aircraft-- and they
have to be dispatched
in pairs-- they
were dealing with as many
as 22 possible hijacks
on the day of 9/11.
And they couldn't separate
the war game exercises
from the actual hijacks.
>>Page 172-- the US
government has not
been able to determine the
origin of the money used
for the 9/11 attacks.
Ultimately, the question is of
little practical significance.
>>The American
authorities have not
managed to trace the
source of the funding.
And then, the most amazingly
disingenuous statement--
ultimately, it is of
little consequence.
It is of massive consequence.
>>Doesn't it matter
who paid for 9/11?
>>The collapse of Building 7 has
been recognized as especially
difficult to explain.
The 9/11 Commission
Report implicitly
admitted that it
could not explain
the collapse of this building
by not even mentioning it.
>>Next.
>>President, why are you and
the Vice President insisting
on appearing together
before the 9/11 Commission?
>>Because the 9/11 Commission
wants to ask us questions.
That's why we're meeting.
And I look forward
to meeting with them
and answering their questions.
>>Sorry, Mr.
President, I was asking
why you're appearing together,
rather than separately,
which was their request?
>>Because it's a good chance
for both of us to answer
questions that the 9/11
Commission is looking forward
to asking us.
And I'm looking forward
to answering them.
Let's see--
>>Do you think they should
be able to stand up and speak
their own words?
>>They should go under oath.
>>They should be-- yeah.
>>In public.
>>Don't you think
that the families
deserve to have a
transcript or to be
able to see what you said.
>>>>[LAUGHS] Adam, you asked
me that question yesterday.
I got the same answer.
Yeah.
>>The final report was
a unanimous report.
That means that if there was
a single commissioner who
had any objection
about anything,
that fact would be
dropped from the report.
>>We have found out that he not
only served on the transition
team of the Bush administration,
that he was a person who wrote
a draft memo for the
setup of the Bush
administration's National
Security Council,
that he was an individual
who wrote the preemptive war
strategy that was eventually
used for the war in Iraq,
that he is a close friend
of Condoleezza Rice'.
We want him to resign.
>>There is literally
nothing in the 9/11 report
that the Bush administration
did not approve of.
>>We can understand,
therefore, why
the commission, under
Zelikow's leadership
would have ignored
all the evidence that
would point to the
truth, that 9/11
was a false-flag operation,
intended to authorize
the doctrines and funds
needed for a new level
of imperial mobilization.
>>Armed with knives-- armed
with chemical, biological,
nuclear weapons-- fanatics--
terrorists-- September 11--
September 11 killers-- September
11-- terrorists-- of al-Qaeda--
terrorists-- nuclear weapons--
terror-- 9/11-- terror--
terror-- terror of evil--
>>September 11-- the
terrorists-- war and danger--
September 11-- terrorism--
global terrorism-- terrorism--
terrorists--
terrorists-- terrorists--
the terrorists-- terrorists--
terrorists-- terrorism--
September 11--
global terrorism-- terrorism--
terror-- terrorism--
September 11-- world terrorism--
terrorism-- terrorism--
September 11-- global terrorism.
>>September 11-- terror--
terror-- terror-- terror--
terror-- weapons of
mass destruction--
September the 11-- September
the 11-- terrorists--
the evil terrorists--
terrorists-- terrorists know.
>>Terrorism-- the words
are hypnotically repeated--
terrorism, terrorist,
terrorist threat--
and of course believed
to be linked to al-Qaeda.
But it's the so-called War on
Terrorism that's in our faces
practically 24/7 as
the inescapable focus
of our existence.
>>One day our grandchildren
will look back on this time
and ask, how was the
War on Terror won?
>>The entire US ruling
class, ruling elite,
comes to see terrorism as
the preferred means-- indeed,
the only means-- to
provide social cohesion,
to provide an enemy
image for the society,
to keep it together.
According to neo-con
theory from Karl Schmidt,
you have to have an enemy image
in order to have a society.
A very dangerous thing.
Because now it means that
the entire social order,
the political parties,
intellectual life,
politics in general, all
based on a monstrous myth--
monstrous myth.
>>Look, the CIA has done, in
this country-- what they've
done to us is unbelievable.
Look at the terrorist
acts that have occurred,
the CIA behind most,
if not all, of them.
We had the Marine barracks.
We had our embassy in Kenya.
We had PanAm 103.
We had the USS Cole.
We had Oklahoma City.
We had the World
Trade Center in 1993.
>> --that helped the terrorists
blow up the World Trade Center
the first time.
They built the bomb.
They got the driver's license.
>>The informant, the FBI
informant, Emad Salem,
a 43-year-old former
Egyptian army officer.
He was given the assignment
to put the bomb together.
And he went to his supervisor,
his FBI supervisor.
And he said, we're going to put
a dummy bomb in here, right?
And the FBI supervisor said, no.
We're going to put a real bomb.
[SIRENS]
>>FBI agents might have
been able to prevent
last February's deadly explosion
at New York's World Trade
Center.
They discussed secretly
substituting harmless powder
for the explosives.
But they didn't, according
to the FBI's own informant,
Emad Salem.
Unbeknownst to the
FBI at the time,
Salem recorded many
of his conversations
with his handlers.
>>Unfortunately for them,
there were only six people
killed, not enough to
pass the legislation.
So what happened is, two
years later, April 19, 1995,
down comes Oklahoma
City Murrah Building.
168 people killed.
One year later, the
anti-terrorism legislation
that takes away many of
our constitutional rights
and civil liberties is passed.
[SCREAMING AND EXPLOSIONS]
>>Because at half past
9:00 this morning,
we were actually
running an exercise
for a company of 1,000
people in London,
based on simultaneous
bombs going off precisely
at the railway stations
that happened this morning.
So I still have the hairs on
the back of my neck standing
upright.
>>To get this
quite straight, you
were running an exercise to see
how you would cope with this.
And it happened, while you
were running the exercise?
>>Precisely.
>>--supposed to believe it was
some kind of coincidence there
was also an anti-terrorist
drill going on on 7/7.
And again, just
like 9/11, they were
talking about attacks on the
same targets, the same kind
of tube stations and
exactly the same time
as the actual attack happened,
providing some kind of cover
for what must be operations
orchestrated in some way
by the state.
>>I am absolutely appalled at
how much people in this country
do not think.
We are given to understand
that-- that a guy out there,
up in the mountains, financed
the most elaborate attack
on this country.
>>Do you think some
people in a cave--
do you think some
people in a cave
were able to have
NORAD stand down?
Do you think that
people in a cave
were able to have
all of this happen?
>>And when I think
about how many Americans
were killed in New York
City-- and believing, as I do,
that this thing
was a set-up job--
this is a textbook
operation that Nazi's used.
And they've used it
over and over again.
America has been suckered
in one more time.
>>I don't have to tell
you things are bad.
Everybody knows things are bad.
The dollar buys
a nickel's worth.
Banks are going bust.
Shopkeepers keep a
gun under the counter.
Punks are running
wild in the streets.
And there's nobody anywhere
who seems to know what to do.
And there's no end to it.
We know the air is
unfit to breathe
and our food is unfit to eat.
And we sit watching our TVs,
while some local newscaster
tells us that, today, we
had 15 homicides and 63
violent crimes, as if that's
the way it's supposed to be.
We know things are
bad, worse than bad.
They're crazy.
It's like everything
everywhere is going crazy.
So we don't go out anymore.
We sit in the house.
And slowly, the world we're
living in is getting smaller.
And all we say is,
please, at least
leave us alone in
our living-rooms.
Let me have my toaster and my
TV and my steel-belted radios,
and I won't say anything.
Just leave us alone.
Well, I'm not going
to leave you alone.
I want you to get mad!
I don't want you to protest.
I don't want you to ride.
I don't want you to write
to your congressman,
because I wouldn't know
what to tell you to write.
I don't know what to
do about the depression
and the inflation and the
Russians and the crime
in the street.
All I know is that, first,
you've got to get mad!
You've got to say, I'm a
human being, god damn it!
My life has value!
(ECHOING) I'm a human
being, god damn it!
My life has value!
I'm a human being, god damn it!
>>There's smoke--
real bad-- 105.
Two Tower.
It's really bad.
It's black.
It's arid.
My wife thinks I'm all right.
I called her and said I
was leaving the building.
I was fine.
And then, bang!
There's three of us.
Two broken windows.
Oh god!
Oh--
[RADIO STATIC]
>>When hostilities
commenced in Europe in 1939,
it was realized that
the American people
had no intention of
entering the war.
But they believed
that this country
could be enticed into the war in
very much the same way that it
was in place into the last one.
They planned, first,
to prepare the United
States for a foreign war under
the guise of American defense.
Second, to involve
us in the war,
step-by-step, without
our realization.
Third, to create a series of
incidents which would force us
into the actual conflict.
These plans were, of course,
to be covered and assisted
by the full power
of their propaganda.
Our theaters soon
became filled with plays
portraying the glory of war.
News reels lost all
semblance of objectivity.
And they have used
the war to justify
the restriction of
congressional power
and the assumption of
dictatorial procedures
on the part of the President
and his appointees.
A fear campaign was inaugurated.
We cannot allow the natural
passions and prejudices
of other peoples to lead
our country to destruction.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>1775, the American
Revolutionary War
began as the American
colonies sought
to detach from England and
its oppressive monarchy.
Although many reasons are
cited for the revolution,
one in particular sticks
out as a prime cause,
that King George III
of England outlawed
the interest-free independent
currency the colonies were
producing themselves, in turn,
forcing them to borrow money
from the Central
Bank of England,
immediately creating economic
hardship and despair.
In the words of Peter
Cooper, former Vice
President of the New
York Board of Currency,
"After Franklin had explained
to the British government,
as the real cause of
prosperity, they immediately
passed laws forbidding the
payment of taxes in that money.
This produced such great
inconvenience and misery
to the people that it
was the principal cause
of the revolution."
In 1783, America won its
independence from England.
However, its battle against
the central bank concept
and the corrupt power-hungry
mentality associated with it
had just begun.
So what is a central bank?
A central bank is an institution
that issues and regulates
the currency of
an entire nation.
Based on historical
precedent, the typical powers
inherent in central
banking practice
include the control
of interest rates
and the expansion and
contraction of the money
supply itself.
Now, the central
bank does not simply
issue money to the government.
It loans it to
them with interest.
Then, through the mechanisms
of increasing and decreasing
the supply of money,
the central bank
essentially regulates the
value of the currency issued.
It is critical to understand
that the entire structure
of this system could
only produce one
thing in the long run-- debt.
It doesn't take a
lot of ingenuity
to figure this scam out.
For every single dollar
produced by both the
Central Bank and its
regulated commercial banks
is loaned at interest.
That means every $1
produced is actually
$1 plus a certain percentage
of debt based on that $1.
And since the banking
system have the monopoly
of the production of the
currency and they loan each
$1 out with an
immediate debt attached
to it, where does the money
to pay for the debt come from?
It can only come from
the banks again, which
means the banking system has to
perpetually increase its money
supply to temporarily cover
the outstanding debt created,
which in turn-- since that
new money is loaned out
at interest as well--
creates even more debt.
The end result of this system
is, essentially, slavery.
For it is technically impossible
for the government and, thus,
the public to ever come out
of this self-generating debt.
By the early 20th
century, the US
had already implemented and
removed a few central banking
systems which were
maneuvered into place
by ruthless banking interests.
At this time, the
dominant families
in the banking
and business world
were the Rockefellers,
the Morgans, the Warburgs,
the Rothschilds.
And in the early 1900s, they
sought to push, once again,
legislation to create
another central bank.
However, they knew the
government and public were very
weary of such an institution.
So they needed to
create an incident
to affect public opinion.
So J.P. Morgan, publicly
considered a financial luminary
at the time, exploited his
massive influence by reportedly
creating rumors that
prominent banks in New York
were insolvent or bankrupt.
Morgan knew this would
trigger mass hysteria
and a systemic crisis.
And it did.
The public, in fear of
losing their deposits,
immediately began
mass withdrawals.
Consequently, the banks were
forced to call in their loans,
causing the recipients
to sell their property.
And thus, a spiral of
bankruptcies, repossessions,
and turmoil emerged.
Putting the pieces
together years later,
Congressman Charles Lindberg
wrote, "The king bankers
put in motion in
1907 a great scheme.
They had gambled and
speculated on Wall Street
until so many watered stocks
and bonds had been manufactured.
The king bankers
knew the condition
and informed the favorite of
their friends what was to come.
There was to be a panic
in the fall of 1907.
And it would be advertised as
the result of our bad banking
and currency laws."
The panic of 1907 led to a
Congressional investigation,
headed by Senator
Nelson Aldrich, who
had intimate ties to
the financial powers
and, later, became part
of the Rockefeller family
through marriage.
The commission led by
Aldrich recommended
a central bank
should be implemented
so a panic like 1907
could never happen again.
This was the spark
that the bankers
needed to initiate their plan.
And in 1910, a secret meeting
was held at a J.P. Morgan
estate on Jekyll Island
off the coast of Georgia.
It was there that
the central banking
bill, called the Federal
Reserve Act, was written.
This legislation was written
by bankers, not law-makers.
This meeting was so
secretive, so concealed
from government and
public knowledge,
that most of the
figures who attended
disguised their names when
en route to the island.
And after this bill
was constructed,
it was then handed over
to their political front
man, Senator Nelson Aldrich,
to push through Congress.
And in 1913, with heavy
political sponsorship
by the bankers, Woodrow
Wilson became President,
having already agreed to
sign the Federal Reserve
Act in exchange for
campaign support.
And a few days before
Christmas, when much of Congress
was at home with their families,
the Federal Reserve Act
was voted in.
And Wilson, in
turn, made it law.
The night before its passage,
Congressman Charles Lindberg
pleaded, "This act establishes
the most gigantic trust
on Earth.
When the President
signs this act,
the invisible government by the
money power will be legalized."
Now, the public was told that
the Federal Reserve System was
an economic stabilizer
and inflation
and economic crises were
a thing of the past.
Well, as history
has shown, nothing
was further from the truth.
The fact is, the bankers now
had a streamlined machine
for economic manipulation.
>>It's alive.
It's alive.
It's alive!
>>For example,
from 1914 to 1919,
the Fed substantially
increased the money supply,
resulting in extensive loans
to small banks and the public.
Then, in 1920, the
Fed deliberately
contracted credit
in an extreme way,
thus resulting in
banks having to call
in large numbers of loans.
And just like 1907,
bank runs, bankruptcy,
and systemic collapse occurred.
Numerous competitive banks
outside of the Federal Reserve
System collapsed, further
consolidating the monopoly
of the money trust cartel.
Privy to this scheme,
Congressman Lindberg
pronounced, "Under the
Federal Reserve Act,
panics are
scientifically created.
The present panic is the first
scientifically created one,
worked out as we figure
a mathematical equation."
However, the panic of
1920 was just a warm up.
From 1921 to 1929, the Fed again
increased the money supply,
resulting once again
in extensive loans
to the public and banks.
There was also a fairly new type
of loan in the stock market,
the broker call loan.
Very simply, this loan
allowed an investor
to put down only a fraction
of the stock's value,
with the rest being a
loan from the broker.
This method was very popular
in the Roaring 1920s,
as everyone seemed to be
making money in the market.
However, there was a
catch to this loan.
It could be called
in at any time
and had to be paid
within 24 hours.
And the typical
result was the selling
of the stock purchased
with that loan.
So a few months before October
in 1929, JD Rockefeller,
Bernard Baruch, and
many other insiders
quietly exited the market,
knowing the bubble created
was about to burst.
Then, on October 24,
1929, the financiers
who furnished the
call loans started
calling them in en masse.
This sparked and
instantaneous massive sell-off
in the already inflated market
as sell orders and margin calls
were systemically triggered.
That then led to mass bank
runs, eventually collapsing
thousands of banks,
enabling the large banks
to buy up the now-failed
banks at a discount.
But it didn't stop there.
Rather than expanding
the money supply in order
to recover from this
economic collapse,
the Fed actually
contracted it, fueling
one of the largest depressions
in American history.
Outraged, Congressman
Lewis McFadden,
then-Chairman of the
House Banking Committee,
petitioned for impeachment
against the Federal Reserve
Board stating, "Mr. Chairman,
we have in this country
one of the most
corrupt institutions
the world has ever known.
I refer to the Federal Reserve
Board and the Federal Reserve
banks.
This evil institution has
impoverished and ruined
the people of the United
States and has practically
bankrupted our government.
It has done this
through the defects
of the law under
which it operates,
through the maladministration of
that law by the Federal Reserve
Board, and through
the corrupt practices
of the moneyed vultures
who control it."
Now, having reduced
the society to squalor,
it was then decided
that the gold standard
should be removed.
In order to do this, they
needed to acquire the remaining
gold in the system.
So under the pretense of
helping to end the depression,
came the 1933 gold seizure.
Under the threat of
imprisonment for 10 years,
everyone in America was required
to turn in all gold Bullion
to the Treasury, essentially
robbing the public of what
little wealth they had left.
And at the end of 1933, the
gold standard was abolished.
If you looked at a
$1 bill before 1933,
it says it is
redeemable in gold.
If you look at
the $1 bill today,
it says it is
legal tender, which
means it is backed by
absolutely nothing.
The only thing that
gives our money value
is the public faith and how
much of it is in circulation.
Therefore, the power to
regulate the money supply
is also the power to
regulate its value, which
is also the power to manipulate
and control entire economies.
It is important to
clearly understand,
the Federal Reserve is
a private corporation.
It is about as federal
as Federal Express.
It makes its own policies and
is under little regulation
by the US government.
It is a private bank that loans
all the currency at interest
to the government,
completely consistent
with the central banking
model that the country
sought to escape from when
it declared independence
in the American
Revolutionary War.
Now, going back to 1913,
the Federal Reserve Act
was not the only bill
pushed through Congress
for the vested
financial interests.
They also pushed its partner,
the Federal Income Tax.
First of all, the
federal income tax
is completely
unconstitutional, as it
is a direct unapportioned tax.
And the required number
of states needed in order
to ratify the amendment
to allow the income tax
was never legally met.
And this has even been
cited in modern court cases.
Second, at the present
day, roughly 25%
of the average
worker's income is
taken from them via this tax.
That means, you work three
months out of the year
to fulfill this tax obligation.
And where does that money go?
According to the Grace
Commission Report of the 1980s,
"100% of what is collected is
absorbed solely by interest
on the federal debt and
by federal government
contributions to
transfer payments.
In other words, all
individual income tax revenues
are gone before
one nickel is spent
on the services which taxpayers
expect from their government."
Today, the money Americans
make working three months out
of the year goes almost entirely
to the interest fees charged
for the debt-based
fiat currency.
The fact is, the
federal income tax
exists to feed the Federal
Reserve, federal government,
money machine, making sure the
interest payments are always
there.
And third, even
with the government
claim as to the legality
of the income tax,
there is still evidently no
statute, no law in existence,
that requires you
to pay this tax.
>>I really expected
that, of course,
there's a law that you can point
to in the law book, a code that
requires you to
file a tax return.
Of course there is.
I was at that point where I
couldn't find a statute that
clearly made a person
liable, at least
not me and most people I know.
And I had no choice in
my mind except to resign.
>>Based on the research that
I did throughout the year 2000
and that I'm still doing,
I have not found that law.
I've asked Congress.
We've asked a lot of people in
the IRS, the IRS commissioner's
helpers.
They can't answer.
Because if they answer,
the American people
are going to know that this
whole thing is a fraud.
>>I haven't filed a federal
income tax return since I left.
>>I have not filed a
tax return since 1999.
>>Now, the control of the
economy and the manipulation
of society for the
vested financial powers
is only a part of the
game being played.
Another level is
the business of war.
Since the inception of the
Federal Reserve in 1913,
a number of large and
small wars have commenced.
The three most pronounced might
be World War I, World War II,
and Vietnam.
World War I-- in
1914, European wars
broke out centered around
England and Germany.
The American public wanted
nothing to do with the war.
In turn, President
Woodrow Wilson
publicly declared neutrality.
However, under the
surface, evidence now
shows that the financial powers
behind the administration
were looking for any excuse
it could to enter in.
It is important to
understand that one
of the most lucrative things
that can happen for the bankers
is war.
For it forces the country
to borrow even more money
at interest, not to mention
the prophets generated
through the financing
of military production.
In the words of two-time
Congressional Medal
of Honor winner Smedley
Butler, "War is a racket.
It always has been.
It is possibly the oldest,
easily the most profitable,
surely the most vicious.
It is the only one
international in scope.
And it is the only one
in which the profits
are reckoned in dollars
and the losses in lives."
Woodrow Wilson's top
adviser and mentor
was Colonel Edward
House, a man found
to have intimate connections
with the financial interests
of the time.
In a conversation with Colonel
House, Wilson's adviser,
and Sir Edward Grey, the foreign
secretary of England, regarding
America and the
war, Grey inquired,
what will America do if
Germans sink an ocean
liner with American
passengers on board?
House responded, I believe
that a flame of indignation
would sweep the United States.
And that by itself would
be sufficient to carry us
into war.
So on May 7, 1915, a
ship called the Lusitania
was sent where German military
vessels were known to be.
And as likely expected,
German U-boats
torpedoed the ship,
exploding stored munitions,
killing 1,200 people.
To further understand
the obvious anticipation
of this set-up, the
German embassy actually
put advertisements in
"The New York Times"
telling people that, if
they boarded the Lusitania,
they did so at their own
risk, as such a ship sailing
from America to England
through the war zone
would be liable to destruction.
In turn and as anticipated,
the sinking of the Lusitania
caused a wave of anger among
the American population.
And America entered the
war a short time after.
Major General Smedley Butler
summarizes the monetary reality
of World War I.
World War II-- on
December 7, 1941,
Japan attacked the American
fleet at Pearl Harbor,
triggering US entry
into that war.
President Franklin
D. Roosevelt declared
the attack was a day
that will live in infamy.
A day of infamy indeed, but not
because of the alleged surprise
attack on Pearl Harbor.
After 60 years of
surfacing information,
it is now clear that not only
was the attack known well
in advance, it was outright
wanted and provoked.
In a journal entry by
Roosevelt's Secretary of War,
Henry Stimson, dated
November 25, 1941,
he documented a
conversation he had
with Roosevelt. The question
was how we should maneuver them
into firing the first shot.
And in congressional
testimony later, he added,
"It was desirable to make sure
the Japanese were the ones
to do this so that there
should remain no doubt as
to who were the aggressors."
In the months leading up to
the attack on Pearl Harbor,
Roosevelt had done
almost everything
in his power to
anger the Japanese,
showing a posture of aggression.
He halted all of Japan's
imports of American petroleum.
He froze all Japanese
assets in the United States.
He made public loans
to nationalist China
and supplied military aid to the
British, both enemies of Japan
in the war.
Which, by the way, was
in complete violation
of international war rules.
And with numerous Japanese
codes broken in advance
revealing the plan to
attack, on December 7, 1941,
Japan was allowed to
attack Pearl Harbor,
killing 2,400 soldiers.
Before Pearl Harbor, 83%
of the American public
wanted nothing to
do with the war.
After Pearl Harbor, one
million men volunteered.
It is important to note Nazi
Germany's war effort was
largely supported by two
organizations, one of which
was called IG Farben.
IG Farben produced 84%
of Germany's explosives.
One of the unspoken
partners of IG Farben
was J.D Rockefeller's Standard
Oil Company in America.
In fact, the German
Air Force could not
operate without a
special additive patented
by Rockefeller's Standard Oil.
The drastic bombing of London
by Nazi Germany, for example,
was made possible by a
$20 million sale of fuel
to IG Farben by the
Rockefeller's Standard Oil
Company.
This is just one small point
on the topic of how American
business funded both
sides of World War II.
One other treasonous
organization worth mentioning
is the Union Banking
Corporation of New York City.
Not only did they
finance numerous aspects
of Hitler's rise to power
along with actual materials
during the war, it was also
a Nazi money-laundering bank,
which was eventually exposed
for having millions of dollars
of Nazi money and its vaults.
The Union Banking
Corporation of New York
was eventually seized for
violations of the Trading
with the Enemy Act.
Guess who the director and Vice
President of the Union Bank
was?
Prescott Bush, the
father and grandfather
of former US Presidents George
W. Bush and George H.W. Bush.
Vietnam-- the United
States' official escalation
and entry into the Vietnam War
came after an alleged incident
involving two US
destroyers being
attacked by North Vietnamese
PT boats in the Gulf of Tonkin.
This is known as the
Gulf of Tonkin Incident.
This situation was
the catalystic pretext
for massive troop deployment
and full-fledged warfare.
One problem however--
the attack on the US
destroyers by Vietnamese
PT boats never happened.
Former Secretary of Defense
Robert McNamara stated years
later that the Gulf of Tonkin
Incident was a mistake,
while classified documents
released years later,
showed that it was
a farce, manipulated
for the purposes of war.
And once in the war, it
was business as usual.
In October 1966,
President Lyndon Johnson
lifted trade restrictions
on the Soviet bloc,
knowing full well
that the Soviets were
providing upwards of 80% of
North Vietnam's war supplies.
Consequently, the
Rockefeller interests
financed factories in the Soviet
Union, which the Soviets used
to manufacture
military equipment
and send to North Vietnam.
However, the funding of
both sides in this conflict
was only one side of the coin.
In 1985, Vietnam's Rules of
Engagement were declassified.
This detailed what American
troops were and were not
allowed to do in the war.
It included such absurdities as
North Vietnamese anti-aircraft
missile systems could
not be bombed until they
were known to be operational.
No enemy could be
pursued once they crossed
the border of Laos or Cambodia.
And most revealing of all, the
most critical strategic targets
were not allowed to be
attacked unless initiated
via high military officials.
Apart from these
illogical limitations,
North Vietnam was informed
of these restrictions
and, therefore, could
base entire strategies
around the limitations
of the American forces.
This is why the war
went on for so long.
The bottom line is this, the
Vietnam War was never meant
to be won, just sustained.
This war for profit
and resources
resulted in 58,000
American deaths
and 3 million dead Vietnamese.
So where are we now?
September 11 was the jumpstart
for a hegemonic agenda,
enabling the possibility
of constant global warfare.
It was a staged war pretext,
no different than the sinking
of the Lusitania, the
provoking of Pearl Harbor,
and the Gulf of Tonkin lie.
In fact, if 9/11 wasn't
a planned war pretext,
it would be an
exception to the rule.
It has been used to launch two
unprovoked illegal wars, one
against Iraq and the
other against Afghanistan.
However, 9/11 was a pretext
for another war as well,
the war against you.
The Patriot Act,
Homeland Security,
the Military Tribunals
Act, and other legislations
are all completely designed to
destroy your civil liberties
and protect those in power.
Currently in the United States,
unannounced to most Americans,
your home can be searched
without a warrant,
without you being home.
You can, in turn, be
detained indefinitely,
with no charges revealed to
you, no access to a lawyer,
and legally tortured.
All under the suspicion that
you might be a terrorist.
If you need a painted
picture of what is happening,
let's recognize how
history repeats itself.
In February 1933, Hitler
staged a false flag attack,
burning down his own
German parliament
building, the Reichstag, blaming
it on Communist terrorists.
Within the next few weeks,
he passed the Enabling Act,
which completely eradicated
the German constitution,
destroying people's liberties.
He then led a series
of preemptive wars,
all justified as necessary to
maintaining homeland security.
>>[SPEAKING GERMAN]
>>Our enemy is a radical
network of terrorists
and every government
that supports them.
>>It's time to wake up.
The people in power
go out of their way
to make sure you are perpetually
misled and manipulated.
The majority's
perception of reality,
especially in the political
arena, is not their own.
It is shrewdly imposed upon them
without them even knowing it.
For example, the
public at large now
believes the invasions of
Iraq and the Middle East,
along with the
resulting instability,
are the consequences of
political and military
mistakes.
What the public fails
to see, of course,
is that the destabilization
of the Middle East
is exactly what the
Western interests want.
This war is to be sustained so
the region can be divided up,
domination of the
oil maintained,
continual profits reaped
for defense contractors,
and most obviously,
permanent military bases
established to be
used as launching
pads against other oil-bearing
nonconforming countries,
such as Iran.
For further implication that the
civil war and destabilization
is purely intentional, in 2005,
two elite British SAS officers
were arrested by Iraqi
police after being caught
driving around in their
car, shooting at civilians,
while dressed up as Arabs.
After being arrested and
taken to a jail in Basra,
the British Army immediately
demanded release of these men.
When the Basra
government refused,
British tanks came in and
physically broke out the men
from the Basra prison.
>>If you wish to destroy
an area, how do you do it?
Well, there are two ways.
You can go in there and
bomb it and so forth.
But that is not very efficient.
What you do is you try to
get the people in that area
to kill each other and to
destroy their own territory,
their own farms.
And that's what's been
done in that area.
The way in which you
destroy an opponent
is get him to destroy himself by
dividing his ranks against one
another.
Then, you feel both sides.
You have agents feeding both
sides, inflaming both sides.
And they kill each other off.
And it is time that some of
us woke up to this reality,
to understand that
people who try
to maintain empires
and create empires
do it by manipulating the people
they're trying to conquer.
>>You might want to ask yourself
why the entire culture's
utterly saturated with
mass media entertainment
from all sides, while the
educational system in America
continues its stupefying
downward slide, since the US
government decided to take over
and subsidize the public school
system.
>>What your government
pays for, it gets.
When we understand
that, then we look
at government-financed
institutions of education
and see the kind of students
and the kind of education
that's being turned out by these
government-financed schools.
Logic will tell you that,
if what is being turned out
in those schools was
not in accord with what
the state and the federal
government wanted,
then it would change it.
The bottom line is
that the government is
getting what they have ordered.
They do not want your
children to be educated.
They do not want you
to think too much.
That is why our
country and our world
has become so proliferated with
entertainments, mass media,
television shows, amusement
parks, drugs, alcohol,
and every kind of
entertainment to keep
the human mind
entertained, so that you
don't get in the way
of important people
by doing too much thinking.
You had better wake
up and understand
that there are people who
are guiding your life.
And you don't even know it.
>>We're in a lot of trouble!
Because you people and 62
million other Americans
are listening to me right now.
Because less than 3% of
you people read books.
Because less than 15%
of you read newspapers.
Because the only truth you know
is what you get over this tube.
Right now, there is
a whole generation
that never knew anything that
didn't come out of this tube.
This tube is the gospel,
the ultimate revelation.
This tube can make or
break presidents, popes,
prime ministers.
This tube is the most
awesome god-damned force
in the whole godless world.
And woe is us if it
don't fall into the hands
of the wrong people.
And when the largest
company in the world
controls the most awesome
god-damned propaganda
force in the whole godless
world, who knows what shit
will be painted for
truth on this network.
So you listen to me.
Listen to me.
Television is not the truth.
Television's a god-dammed
amusement park.
Television is a
circus, a carnival,
a traveling troupe of acrobats,
storytellers, dancers, singers,
jugglers, side-show freaks, lion
tamers, and football players.
We're in the
boredom-killing business.
But you people sit there day
after day, night after night--
all ages, colors, creeds.
We're all you know.
You're beginning to believe the
illusions we're spinning here.
You're beginning to think
that the tube is reality
and that your own
lives are unreal.
You do whatever
the tube tells you.
You dress like the tube.
You eat like the tube.
You raise your
children like the tube.
You even think like the tube.
This is mass
madness, you maniacs.
In God's name, you people
are the real thing.
We are the illusion!
>>The last thing the
power establishment wants
is a conscious informed public
capable of critical thinking.
This is why a continually
fraudulent zeitgeist
is output, via religion,
the mass media,
and the educational system.
It is in their
interest to keep you
in a distracted naive bubble.
And they are doing a
damn good job of it.
This is Aaron Russo, a
filmmaker and former politician.
To his left is
Nicolas Rockefeller
of the Council on
Foreign Relations.
After maintaining a close
friendship with Nicholas,
Aaron eventually ended
the relationship, appalled
by what he had learned.
>>I got a call one day from
an attorney woman I knew.
And she said, would you like to
meet one of the Rockefellers?
I said, sure, I'd love to.
And we became friends.
And he began to divulge
a lot of things to me.
So he said to me
one night, he said,
there's going to
be an event, Aaron.
And out of that event,
you're going to see,
we're going to go
into Afghanistan,
so we can run pipelines
from the Caspian Sea.
We're going to go into
Iraq to take the oil
and establish a base
in the Middle East.
And we're going to
go into Venezuela
and get rid of Chavez.
And the first two,
they've accomplished.
Chavez they didn't accomplish.
And he said, you're going to see
guys going into caves looking
for-- [LAUGHS] looking for
people that they're never
going to find.
He was laughing about
the fact that you
have this war on terror.
There's no real enemy.
He's talking about how, by
having this war on terror,
you can never win it.
Because this thing's
an eternal war.
And so, you can always keep
taking people's liberties away.
And I said, how are you
going to convince people
that this war is real?
He said, with the media.
The media's going to
convince everybody it's real.
I mean, you know, it's just that
you keep talking about things.
You keep saying it over
and over and over again.
And eventually,
people believe it.
You created the Federal
Reserve in 1913 through lies.
You create 9/11,
which is another lie.
Through 9/11, then you are
fighting a war on terror.
And then, all of a
sudden, you go into Iraq,
which was another lie.
And now, they're
going to do Iran.
And so it's one thing leading
to another, leading to another,
leading to another.
I would say to him, what
are you doing this for?
What is the point of this thing?
You have all the money in
the world you ever want.
You have all the power.
I said, you know,
you're hurting people.
It's not a good thing.
And he would say, what do you
care about the people for?
Take care of yourself.
And take care of your family.
And then, I said, so what
are the ultimate goals here?
He said, the ultimate
goal-- the ultimate goal
is to get everybody in this
world chipped with a RFID chip
and have all money
be on those chips
and everything on those chips.
And if anybody wants
to protest what we do
or violate what we want, we
just turn off their chip.
>>So how far will the
sickness of power go?
To what lengths will
those in control
go in order to maintain and
preserve their positions?
>>We have a Florida
family who are really
pioneers in a brave new world.
They have volunteered
to be the first ever
to have microchip
identification devices implanted
into their body.
>>After 9/11, I was
really concerned
with the security of my family.
>>I wouldn't mind having
something planted permanently
in my arm that
would identify me.
>>George Orwell, in his face
and possibly prophetic work,
"1984," stated,
"Power is not a means.
It is an end.
The object of persecution
is persecution.
The object of
torture is torture.
The object of power is
power." today symptoms
of a surveillance
society continue
to grow, as irrational
fears of invisible enemies
coupled with rising
economic instability
spread across the globe.
It is under this
guise of security
we can foreshadow a world
where everyone is tracked,
everyone is on camera, and
everyone is subordinated.
The most incredible aspect of
all-- such the totalitarianism
would likely not be
forced upon the people,
rather the people
will demand it.
For the social
manipulation of society
through the generation
of fear and division
has completely
inhibited the culture.
Religion, patriotism,
race, wealth, class,
and every other form
of arbitrary separatist
identification
and, thus, conceit
has served to create a
controlled population, utterly
malleable in the
hands of the few.
Divide and conquer is the motto.
And as long as people
continue to see themselves
as separate from
everything else,
they lend themselves to
being completely enslaved.
However, if the
people ever realized
the truth of their
relationship to nature
and the truth of their personal
power to effect change,
the entire manufactured
zeitgeist that's preyed upon
would collapse like
a house of cards.
>>The whole system that
we live in drills into us
that we're powerless, that we're
weak, that our society is evil,
that it's fragmented,
et cetera, and so forth.
It's all a big fat lie.
We are powerful,
beautiful, extraordinary.
There is no reason why we cannot
understand who we truly are
and where we are going.
There is no reason why the
average individual cannot be
fully empowered.
We are incredibly
powerful beings.
>>Now, I think I spent 30 years
of my life, in the first 30,
trying to become something.
I wanted to become
good at things.
I wanted to become a tennis.
I wanted to become good
at school and grades.
And everything, I kind of
viewed in that perspective.
I'm not OK the way I am.
But if I got good at
things-- I realized
that I had the game wrong.
The game to find out
what I already was.
>>Now, in our
culture, we've been
trained for individual
differences to stand out.
So you look at each person
immediately as brighter,
dumber, older, younger,
richer, poorer.
And we make all these
dimensional distinctions,
put them into categories,
and treat them that way.
And we get so that
we only see others
as separate from ourselves
in the ways in which they're
separate.
And one of the dramatic
characteristics of experience
is being with another
person and suddenly
seeing the ways in
which they are like you,
not different from you; and
experiencing the fact, that
which is essence in you
and which is essence
in me is indeed one, the
understanding that there
is no other.
It is all one.
And I wasn't born
Richard Albert.
I was just born
as a human being.
And then, I learned this
whole business of who I am
and whether I'm good or
bad or achieving or not.
All that's learned
along the way.
>>The old appeals to racial,
sexual, religious chauvinism,
to rapid nationalist fervor,
are beginning not to work.
A new consciousness
is developing
which sees the Earth
as a single organism
and recognizes that an organism
at war with itself is doomed.
>>Bill Hicks used to
finish his shows with this,
life's like a ride
in an amusement park.
And when you go
on it you think--
>>--it's real, because that's
how powerful our minds are.
And the ride goes up and
down and round and round.
It has thrills and chills.
And it's very brightly colored.
>>And it's very loud.
And it's fun for a while.
Some have been on the
ride for a long time.
They begin to question, is--
>>--this real?
Or is this just a ride?
And other people
have remembered.
And they come back to us.
And they say, hey, don't--
>>--worry.
Don't be afraid ever.
Because this is just a ride.
And we kill those people.
>>Shut him up.
I've got a lot
invested in this ride.
Shut him up!
Look at my furrows of worry.
Look at my big bank
account and my--
>>--family.
This has to be real.
It's just a ride.
But we always--
>>--kill those good guys
who try and tell us that.
You ever notice that?
And let the demons run amok.
>>But It doesn't matter,
because it's just a ride.
And we can change
it anytime we want.
>>--anytime we want.
It's only a choice, no
effort, no work, no job,
no savings of--
>>--of money.
Just a choice right now
between fear and love.
[MUSIC PLAYING]